README.md, before:

# Wallpapers

A collection of wallpapers by [@inigochoa].

## Guidelines

I typically prefer dark minimal wallpapers. Wallpapers that have a single focal
point.

## To submit a wallpaper

1. Make sure your wallpaper is openly-licensed and okay for commercial use
([see below]).
1. Review the [image content rules].
1. Fork the project and add the wallpaper. Follow [naming rules].
1. Include license info to the [LICENSE.md] file.
1. Add artist exif metadata using `exiftool -artist="ARTIST" WALLPAPER`
command.
1. Create a pull request.

### Rules

#### Image content

1. Wallpapers should be at least 1920×1080px.
1. No people.
1. Avoid grainy images.
1. Not too distracting if a non-maximized window is open.

#### Naming

1. Be descriptive.
1. Replace spaces with hyphens.
1. Do not include strange characters.

## Licensing

Acceptable licenses include:

1. Public domain (preferred).
1. Unsplash License.
1. A Creative Commons license that allows commercial use. Share-Alike and
Attribution are allowed.

Individual wallpapers will be evaluated to ensure they meet the licensing
requirements.

### Ownership

If you find an image hosted in this repository that is yours and of limited use,
please let me know by filling an [Ownership Claim Issue].

[@inigochoa]: https://github.com/inigochoa/
[see below]: #licensing
[image content rules]: #image-content
[naming rules]: #naming
[LICENSE.md]: https://github.com/inigochoa/wallpapers/LICENSE.md
[Ownership Claim Issue]: https://github.com/inigochoa/wallpapers/issues/new?assignees=inigochoa&labels=ownership+claim&template=ownership-claim.md&title=Ownership+Claim+-+

Commit message:

feat: new images.json hook

README.md, after:

# Wallpapers

A collection of wallpapers by [@inigochoa].

## Guidelines

I typically prefer dark minimal wallpapers. Wallpapers that have a single focal
point.

## To submit a wallpaper

1. Make sure your wallpaper is openly-licensed and okay for commercial use
([see below]).
1. Review the [image content rules].
1. Fork the project and add the wallpaper. Follow [naming rules].
1. Include license info to the [LICENSE.md] file.
1. Add artist exif metadata using `exiftool -artist="ARTIST" WALLPAPER`
command.
1. Add the image to the [json file] either by hand or using the git hook.
1. Create a pull request.

### Rules

#### Image content

1. Wallpapers should be at least 1920×1080px.
1. No people.
1. Avoid grainy images.
1. Not too distracting if a non-maximized window is open.

#### Naming

1. Be descriptive.
1. Replace spaces with hyphens.
1. Do not include strange characters.

## Licensing

Acceptable licenses include:

1. Public domain (preferred).
1. Unsplash License.
1. A Creative Commons license that allows commercial use. Share-Alike and
Attribution are allowed.

Individual wallpapers will be evaluated to ensure they meet the licensing
requirements.

### Ownership

If you find an image hosted in this repository that is yours and of limited use,
please let me know by filling an [Ownership Claim Issue].

[@inigochoa]: https://github.com/inigochoa/
[see below]: #licensing
[image content rules]: #image-content
[naming rules]: #naming
[LICENSE.md]: https://github.com/inigochoa/wallpapers/LICENSE.md
[json file]: https://github.com/inigochoa/wallapers/images.json
[Ownership Claim Issue]: https://github.com/inigochoa/wallpapers/issues/new?assignees=inigochoa&labels=ownership+claim&template=ownership-claim.md&title=Ownership+Claim+-+
